.
. .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is J. J. Cooley, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
I'm not a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar. I'm a liar.
Well, have I got a good one for you today? Uhm, it is, it is throw back Thursday. I didn't actually title it throw back Thursday. But that's what I'm gonna try to do, uh thursday is because I think part of the way that we get-
and to smell the enchantment is to look at what happened in 2020 in retrospect.
Look back with a clearer mind and see what we find.
And I think PBS News is one of those places that really puts out the propaganda.
And so when you see the propaganda from a little bit farther back,
I think you're going to find that your consciousness has been their prime real estate
for a very, very long time.
And in fact, they made sure to own it at the start of the pandemic,
which is pretty incredible.
Do they really own it?
Mike Vandenberg, next date.
And that's where we are.
We are attributing bad motives to the people who disagree with this narrative.
And it doesn't matter on what side you are, they're going to attribute bad motives.
I get bad motives attributed to me in the comment sections of substacks
that just mentioned that JJ has some ideas.
I get called a liar and that I'm spreading lies.
And all I'm really saying is that we're being acted upon.
Fifth generation warfare is lying.
And so instead of addressing the top three biological points of this stream,
they say I'm a liar and I'm spreading rumors about people's daughters or other nonsense like that.
These charlatans and these fakers and these liars are going to be exposed,
just like the scam of fractional reserve banking is going to be exposed,
just like the scam of public health and viruses is going to be exposed.
And there is really only one chance in history for them to collect this much data and they know it.
So they've decided to lie about it in order to collect that data.
And if we let this history be raised or forgotten or talked over,
it will be lost to our children and will be lost to our college kids.
We should be challenging some college kids to do a project on this,
to archive this history as a PhD or as a master's study in public health.
But we're not doing that, but we could.
We're not doing that because we gave control over to these charlatans a long time ago.
The city of the apes has existed for a lot longer than you might imagine.
We grew up in the city of the apes and we didn't even know it.
Our parents apparently didn't even know it because they taught us this mythology as well.
That's what we're really trying to do, we're trying to break it.
And we're trying to break a real illusion, multi-generational illusion.
And while we break that illusion, we've got to be very careful to make sure that we make gentle the life of this world.
That we don't allow the chaos that they want to create to occur.
The waves of strife.
We can avoid those if we love our neighbor, if we stay focused on the biology
and we don't take the bait on TV and social media, I really do think it's possible.
And essentially, we're doing this to our kids, right?
We're teaching them to surf this wave of nonsense and lies.
We're teaching them to navigate a world of mythology.
And it's a dangerous world, it's a dangerous wave.
It'll pound you into the coral.
And yet our kids, if we let them do it, they can be the ones that change this.
That's really my plan.
My plan is not to do it myself.
My plan is to leave the door open so that my boys and my girl can do it
and their friends can do it before they have kids, before the world is permanently ruined for their generation.
We're not going to give up on them, we're going to use them, we're going to teach them.
And the best way to do the helping is to spread the word of this stream.
So thank you very much for all the people that do and thank you very much for the people
over the last couple of days that have subscribed, gone out of their way to click on those links
at GigaHomeBiological.com or elsewhere and I could not be more grateful.
This stream is really brought to you only by people like you and no one else.
And so we are essentially, I am a little bit of a manifestation of all that courage,
all those people's courage to give five bucks a month or 10 bucks a month or more.
Some people even give more and it's with very humble gratitude that I am here every day at 10
and we'll be here every day at 10-10 during the week and on the weekends I don't know what we're
going to do. It's yeah, this is an illusion that's sustained only through your active participation
and your active sustained belief in people who have been lying to us.
And I am as guilty as you as falling for their trap, falling for their theater.
When two people agree to lie to you, it's really, really very dangerous. They can convince
you of one being good and the other one being bad. They can convince you of both of them being
good, anything that they want to. With coordinated lying, it's something very magic happens and
it's not good magic, it's bad magic. Ladies and gentlemen, this is GigaHomeBiological.
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. This is GigaHomeBiological, a high resistance low noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist. It is May 2nd, 2024. My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and today is throwback
Thursday. On Thursdays, I really like to do a show which reflects on either biology and the
stories that were told about biology before the pandemic or right at the start of the pandemic.
Today, out of my archived list of hilarity, I have pulled a real ringer. It is the frontline
documentary from 2020, April 21st, 2020. It's a real doozy, but I always like to start my stream
with the points that nobody will ever address with regard to GigaHomeBiological. They're happy
to call me a liar or phooey or scooby-doo or whatever other things they want to do. They call
me shaggy sometimes, whatever. I don't care because they by doing that, by taking cheap shots and by
saying things that are just plain incorrect, they ignore these statements and that's really
where you can see them. Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent
of augmenting the immune system is dumb. And if any MD that's telling you not to listen to me
won't at least say that at least he's got that right. At least he said that better than I've ever
heard it said by anybody else. And instead, they call me phooey or a liar or a divider or
they let you go from an organization that hired you as a staff scientist and never use this phrase
once while they were paying you. Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and
they never explain why. I'm the only one who will tell you the reason why it's criminally
negligent is because everyone at a university with an advanced biology degree including postdocs,
everyone at a university or a medical school with an advanced degree doing research on the bench
most likely should have known the definition of transfection before the pandemic and therefore
when transfection was presented as an investigational vaccine methodology, all of them should have known
without having to rub the hair off of their face or scratch their head for too long that that was a lie
and that there's no way that transfection in the context of the biology that they should have
understood could be useful in augmenting the immune system of a healthy child or a healthy
elderly person and the potential bouquet of downsides was almost unlistable and yet because of their
criminal negligence I would say that all of these pseudo professional academic biologists are
essentially guilty of manslaughter. They are essentially guilty in taking part in this
incredible incredible crime and I put myself in that list for 2020 and 2021 because I was running
around with my head cut off trying to convince people that we didn't need to worry even if it
was a lab leak and I was sufficiently distracted from this argument and sufficiently distracted
by the people that I thought were important to convince that I didn't make connections with
other people that would have maybe brought me to the finish line earlier. I didn't make
connections with people who were on to a different part of the lie than I was and could have
connected dots for me that I wasn't connecting because I was being actively manipulated and
actively influenced and actively lied to by people who were pretending to be rivals or
pissed off at somebody or arguing with somebody and that theater unfortunately ladies and gentlemen
for the people who still cling to these these various heroes a lot of those people
are not good guys and they all were involved twisted around in my life
were there when I was losing my job when I was losing my house when my family didn't have enough
pretending that they were going through the same thing saying that they were having the same
problems arguing with the same people in that signal chat or pretending to storm out of a
meeting because they didn't agree with something or nobody would listen to them
so that I would be sympathetic so that I would follow them so that I would think oh yeah I
agree with that too and then that person would now be trustworthy according to me because they
had taken a stance against someone else that I also disagreed with
and that's the magic that's the trick
and so if Pierre Corey and and I am just saying this hypothetically I'm not saying
that this is what happened but if Pierre Corey and a couple other people at FC FLCCC have decided
to kind of lie to the rest of the people in FLCCC about what they know happened in 2020 and kind
of lie about what they know about the significance or insignificance of early treatment
and just go along with the story that the national security state has obliged them to go along with
then Dr. Merrick is not a bad guy then all the people that that go to those seminars aren't
bad guys because on stage is an illusion of consensus that this is the best way forward
thank you very much I just want to protect that book because it's very expensive
and it's not like yeah anyway I paid way more than I should have for it sorry thank you
so yes that's where we are and I really think it's extremely important to see it that way that
we are still really filtering out all of the riffraff and the filter is catching a lot like I'm sorry
and it's it's not that I wanted to catch a lot but it's catching a lot and the more we we see their
behavior as we ignore them the more you see that the only thing they have left to do is call names
make fun or create stories that that are irrelevant like is it wrong for me to say that
Sashalata Pova's daughter was on Alex Jones multiple times in 2019 is it wrong for me to say that
is that is it wrong for me to suggest that that might be a significant data point because I for
one think Alex Jones is full of shit and has been for very very long time then at some point a
long time ago Alex Jones was essentially co-opted by the same exact mythology machine that is
responsible for where we are now and if you it's just sometimes hard for young people like college
kids it's hard for young adults who are focused on raising young children it's hard for old people
who've been tuned out for a long time to really understand that they have planned this out there
are trillions and trillions if not another order of magnitude of of wealth at stake here
multi-generational plan is being executed at a climax here a little mini climax a little mini
reveal and it's not for nothing that this in retrospect looks like a slow role of a story
and an admission we could have been here where we are right now complaining about a lab leak in
2020 may or June we could have already been here the whole narrative could have progressed
and we could have just said wow it's a lab leak wow it's a gain of function virus holy crap we
should take the vaccine but it was executed a little bit more subtly than that a little bit
more deceptively than that so that people like me who are riding our bikes around and making
streams convinced there was a lab leak it was magic ladies and gentlemen what they did to us it was
absolutely magic what they did and the whole concept that the light blue the light blue all
caused mortality where between 70 000 and 50 000 people die every week in america as we move
from 2014 to 2020 and yet somehow this manufactured blip was misconstrued as the spread of a novel
virus with strange disease that doctors like maryll nass could make a a judgment call even
without testing that this symptomology set is definitely a novel disease that they could make
a call and say that three times during the pandemic maryll nass claims to have and had a novel sickness
strange one with a strange set of symptoms that she won't bother to list but they're definitely
were strange she didn't test for covid but she sure she had it and she's a doctor so you can't
argue with her apparently one of her sons was a cardiologist in new york city and got there just
in time to help out i i've been sent one of his papers um he's a cardiologist it does modeling
papers with uh on clinical trials and stuff it sounds like he could have collaborated with
sasha latipova at ro rojchester with regard to some of her technology and and algorithms
it's calm it's actually comical to me at this stage that we're even considering the possibility that
that that this isn't a two or three-sided theater affair where we've been lied to by all these people
but that's really where we are we are absolutely positively there and it is a national security
operation that's why you can know we have been lied to by a lot of people that's why you can
imagine if there are 17 spoken word and you know like outspoken public facing intelligence agencies
right 17 that the director of national intelligence supposedly oversees some or all of them
we have a state department that nobody ever talks about that's connected to ditra that nobody
ever talks about nobody ever talks about getting rid of the prep act or or or strict liability for
all pharmaceutical products they talk about opposing the who that we can't vote about we can't vote
on but we could just leave and so what i see here is a global operation to make us
just
discapableized is that what the right what is that the word that dr. G or don't use yesterday
discapableized or or or yeah i think discapableized they wanted to discapableize us from exercising
informed consent if you don't know reality if you don't know anything about anything then you can't
exercise informed consent you're living in a storybook and i believe that we are living in a storybook
right now a storybook that includes everything from propped up imaginary politician types
to propped up imaginary musician types to propped up imaginary
doctor types propped up imaginary successful podcast types all of the successful podcasts
that are about anything relevant are basically controlled or co-opted
there is no way to organically rise to a million subscribers on the internet anymore unless you're
doing something like motorcycle videos or or videos about doll collecting but if you're doing
videos about reality or videos about questioning the reality on on social media or on television
you will never rise to any kind of prominence and and self-sustainability with it with unless
they you do it despite them unless really it's a you know email chain grassroots kind of thing
which is really what giga-ohm biological is we're just one subscriber at a time one one thank you
email at a time trying to get enough subscribers donating every month so that i can we can do this
with some level of stability and comfort for our family that's all i'm trying to do here
and that might seem a little bit uh arrogant if you're here for the first time but we've had this
hypothesis since around december of 2020 more or less nailed and we helped i helped and i will
say we because it's me and my wife and my kids that all have have endured the stress frustration
and and isolation and pain of having giga-ohm biological in our family of having this truth
and and and wanting to get it out as a it's our our patriotic and and and sacred uh mission i
don't think i'm gonna be doing anything else for the rest of my life except for teaching biology
online and coaching basketball offline and this teaching biology online has a lot to do with the
fact that i've come to understand that most adults in the world are completely misled in terms of
what they think the truth of of biological reality is and they're misled because they have been
bamboozled into believing that the world is full of pathogenic obligate parasites that take the
form of molecules that's a pretty spectacular place to live pretty spectacular world in which
to live where you're supposed to be concerned about things you can't see instead of the people
in your life or the the relationships in your community or the the changes that are being made
around you and it's because they have had this plan for decades to invert the sovereignty of our
children into permission so that all of their medical medical data could be collected so that
all of their medical treatments could be obligated or at least regimented
so that they can collect the data that they need before it's gone and if the population isn't
going to get any bigger then this is the largest sample set of human genomes and human medical
lifetimes that will ever be available on the planet again you need to really see this from
the hundred thousand foot or the orbit level these people have been thinking about this for
generations with their dads and with their dads dads and the plan has always been why are we
going to bring this population down in a peaceful way where there's no revolt and there's no there's
not as as little strife as possible and then that's the public facing brochure of the club of Rome
in the background in the in the meetings in the wine cellars in the meetings after the
after the public meetings they talk about what are they going to do
with all these useless eaters that urine you know that that that bald gay guy with glasses that
talks about about useless eaters all the time constantly is is irritating with that statement
they need to collect our data we are not one generation from the end of the world
but we are a couple generations away from there not being 10 billion people on the planet anymore
and that means there is an opportunity there the babies to come are not going to be as
numerous as the babies that are here now and have arrived in the last 10 years and so there is a
window of time for them to collect the amount of data that's available in America all these
multi-racial genomes and all these multi-racial babies being born going to waste
medical experiments going to waste missing opportunities that may never come again for generations
and they're mirrored on the other side of the world with real homogenous populations in China
and some of these islands in the Pacific and in India and so the genetic opportunity
that the earth's population represents right now and for the next 10 to 20 years
is a genetic opportunity for the collection of data that will in their own plan never exist
again they don't want to have 10 billion people on the planet forever that's now and for the next
generation or two when they go down to like two billion or less what are the Georgia
guides don't say five hundred thousand if that's the plan ladies and gentlemen there are some
go games that need to be recorded there are some chess matches that need recording
or they're never going to be there again that's what we're dealing with here ladies and gentlemen
that's why they had to tell us this fantastic tale and they had to tell us this fantastic
tale over several decades because they were taking biology that is essentially part of all of us
and all mammals and all life on earth and trying to compartmentalize it into this molecular
malevolence outside of us that all other life on earth has to deal with
us so that they could govern us by that mythology and the pandemic was supposed to
be like the chokehold that knocked us out where we just wake up and it's a KO we never questioned
it again because our parents passed it on to us and now we were about to pass it on to our kids
and the pandemic was supposed to really drive it home make sure that bam not only did we drive
it home but that they could that they could essentially wreck America and the western and western
national sovereignty sovereignty with the same blow
and that's why you see the Netherlands democracy just spinning its wheels why you see
the UK democracy spinning its wheels why you see the Canadian democracy just it's it's sad really how
how Australia it's all the same
and in America and in our own special way despite all of the the protections that we still haven't
totally screwed up in our legislation and in our in our constitution we are also spinning our wheels
because the people who are driving the jeep that we are in the muds all over the windows the mud
has passed the wheels and their only thing is to say no no no don't worry about what's outside
we're moving it's just fine and they're just slamming the the brake uh the the pedal to the metal
and we're sinking deeper into the mud and they don't care that's what they were paid to do
they were paid to keep us in this mud arguing about lab leak or natural virus arguing about
ibermectin hard-viewing about hydroxychloroquine and her early treatment and long covid
and it is a collective agreement to lie about the novel virus to lie about the strange disease
and there are many liars
there's no way in 2024 for anyone to be so super certain that there was a covid to be so super
certain that they were sick three times to be so super certain that something devastated happening
in new york city when there is no evidence for anything devastating happening in new york city
there is evidence for a train wreck of human misery malevolence and probably deception
i don't know it's a crime scene i don't have the details can you please just send somebody to
figure this out
so
so today i want to watch front line coronavirus pandemic released on april premiered on april 21st
2020 so what that means is that this is going to be propaganda at its at its best
come but it's also something very important to see april 21st 2020 the world has been shut down
we have been locked down for about a month 15 days has now become 30 my kids are still not in school
and so the bomb has gone off in new york city the fraud that jessica hockett is trying to call
attention to has happened nurse erin has already been on journeyman pictures
peer cori has already been in front of the senate
or will be in a week
and peer cori has already been on youtube to say that all these people are having
pulse ox below 88 wonder what my pulse ox is right now
i'm a little bit worked up you know from the
uh let's see oh 99 oh that's um i'm really uh i'm a strong beast here this is uh crazy
hold on a second i don't know if i can do that i think i can with my left hand there 98
funny let's see i got another one over here we'll see if there's any variation between pulse oximeters
this one you have to turn on with a button and this one reads the right way i think you can
flip the other one but i'm not very i'm not gonna go into the oh 97 wow i'm only three digits away
from having to go to the hospital i mean because the 94 is where you should probably go to the
hospital 90 oh no what's happening i better oxygenate my blood or i'm gonna be i'm gonna
somebody's gonna say i got covid i i don't know that's pretty nuts
94 is what i should no no oh my gosh what's happening
i'm i'm not gonna hold my breath but i and why would i hold my breath
take deep breath stop talking so much you're always talking my wife would love it if i would
stop talking so much okay there it comes all right i thought i had covid for a second holy
shit that really scared me so um hmm anyway uh yeah so what were we doing oh yeah we had this
screen up where's the screen um oh no i'm supposed to be over here and then over here that's what i
wanted to do ha ha sorry too many buttons um so let's watch this thing right let's let's see what
we got here i i did turn it to 1.5 speed um because when the guy is narrating it's just
brutal um when some people are talking it's a little fast so we may adjust but we'll see
i guess i could use the space bar but the space bar does double
when somebody's the president the authority is total he's not doing everything he can do
mating against one another tell you how frustrating it is
amid the escalating crisis between the president and the states over the
oh no we're gonna have to go a little slower here because that's you're missing too much
story of how the outbreak began i'm gonna go back i'm gonna go back the reason washing in state
so remember this is pbs news hour so just get the feeling april 21st
did they want to keep people calm did they want to keep people from panicking
did they want to reassure people that everything was under control that everything was going to be
fine despite some of the the rhetoric and and some of the disagreements between leaders of states
and the federal government what's the vibe that you get from this this um this video
when somebody's the president the authority is total he's not doing everything he can do
mating against one another tell you how frustrating it is
amid the escalating crisis between the president and the states over the coronavirus pandemic
has nothing to do with the president or federal policy or the inside story of how the outbreak
began in the united states yeah seriously this is the equivalent of a uh uh i won't say it but i
agree with i agree with uh yeah they're really just ramping it up here it's impressive but you can
already see it right this is definitely um wow the reason washing in state found that first case
as we were ready for it correspondent miles o'brien on the ground with those who detected it first
within the first five days we had 32 positives we then knew that this was a much bigger outbreak
than you could have imagined and the tale of two washingtons does that governor is a snake okay
insley we are not going to be distracted by any rhetoric that the president or anyone else uses
facts and science that's the only thing that's going to get us through this now on front line
coronavirus they had that graphic ready in january of 2020 just so you know that graphic was ready and
they've been using it for four and a half years straight it's impressive iris pandemic
it was one of the most vibrant cities in america
our economy was strong the port that was one of the leading ports in the country
we had one of the most vibrant restaurant scenes small businesses flourishing
and we went from that to almost zero overnight
I arrived in seattle in mid march a city and state in the process of shutting down before
that was the norm in the rest of the country i've covered science stories for nearly 30 years
see that's the that's the whole point though um this is now saying 96 and 98 um i just thought
i'd check and see they're they're two digits off um that's that's the point this is 2020
hindsight is 2020 we can look back and say wow were we fooled or not and i think looking back now i
think it's safe to say that we were fooled that as we have been trying to characterize accurately
on giga ohm biological for quite some time the illusion of consensus about the worst case scenario
happening was on mainstream media and on social media and in the dark corners of the internet
where people were debating the worst case scenario about a lab leak which is not going to be talked
about here and so understand how incredible of an illusion where you have this thing where
donald trump and the governors of states are fighting about what should be done and those
are all the wrong questions and if you went somewhere on the internet to find the right
questions you would find people arguing about whether it was a lab leak or just a natural thing
also the wrong question and so this limited spectrum of debate which we including myself
have assumed his exclusively the domain of the mainstream media was actually also the domain of
social media and artificially created groups entities and individuals like epigirl in the
spars pandemic document if they revealed in the forward-facing brochure called the spars pandemic
document whatever it's called the scenario that there might be a social media influencer called
epigirl that would be responsible for spreading the misinformation on the internet about the
vaccine injuries is it not very hard to imagine that the actual plan would include fake epigirls
is it actually that hard to imagine that not only would they have decided okay if we're going
to do this i mean if we're really going to do this then we're going to have to control this
media and this narrative but also the opposition to it and the only way to do that is to have a
lot of epigirls please get that document for yourself the spars pandemic document and read it
and understand that it's a public facing brochure that there is a classified version of that that
has the details of where the lies fit in and the epigirl chapter is a fantastic example
of where on its face it seems like oh yeah we're opposing misinformation what it is and is an
admission that they understand that social media influencers can do that therefore they are obviously
going to use social media influencers that is the definition of fifth generation warfare it is
coordinated lying across across opinions that appear to be opposing opinions and those
opposing opinions are actually the walls of the cage that we're in
and when we look back at PBS NewsHour we see one aspect right that's looking at the north wall of
the cage and the north wall of the cage is composed of people who are pretending that it's something
like a botched response and that Trump doesn't believe and that these people believe and that's
that wall but if you turn around and try to go the other way there's another wall over there and that
wall is people who are saying that they're covering up a lab leak and that's why they won't talk about
it on PBS NewsHour right now and that wall ladies and gentlemen listen carefully was composed of
people like me the entire group of drastic people like Dan Saratkin and his father they all were
part I was part of the debate about whether it was a lab leak and whether they were covering up and
we were all sure so some people were were engaged in the forward-facing argument which is on the PBS
NewsHour which is it's Trump versus the smart people or some subtle nuanced version of that
or they were back there at this wall or they were over there on that wall where the American
frontline doctors were saying it was early treatment or they were on this wall where the
where the FLCCC dot people were saying that it's early treatment you know that's how it is
and that's the message that Giga on biological can clarify with the truth of the biology as best we
can distill it and trying to outline where the fidelity ends in our understanding so that we can
acknowledge once again that we should have some reverence for the sacred biology that exists
beyond our understanding that we should have some reverence for the irreducible complexity that
exists beyond our understanding and and respect that as a an unknown
rather than to either deny it on the on the news or to distort it on the internet
so as usual I have a real hard time getting a a video started mostly because somebody is a
wonderful commenter and then I get started on a rant but that epigirl thing and understanding
if epigirl is the brochure then what is the epigirl chapter look like in the classified version of it
but this felt more like science fiction
the deadly disease covid-19 was about to bring the country and the world to its knees
it's like watching a slow-moving landslide move towards you how did it i think they would
scrap the vents in Canada so that the evidence of how many were purchased
would be lost um there that's why they would scrap the vents and you don't want
to remind people that wow did we really do that how much damage would that have done
and they might also reveal exactly what vents were used and whether those vents had the
you know capability of being oh you know there are lots of evidence i think so yeah
debate our warning systems our best science a lot of people died because we weren't ready
why was our government so slow to act because we weren't ready a lot of people died because
we weren't ready why was our government so slow to act so unprepared i haven't cried ever as much
as i had in the last week and what lies ahead i haven't cried ever as much as i've cried
this past week it sounds very similar to that guy that was on tucker very early on saying it's
it's hell it's hell in New York City it's a war zone or something like that
but the numbers weren't there the numbers aren't there the numbers still aren't there yet some
people are still arguing that they were there that they know because their son and their daughter
in law sought or they treated them from Maine
it's the insistence ladies and gentlemen the absolute insistence of these people
that really gets me because it's all that's needed they just have to agree on that one thing
okay i won't i won't question the virus i won't question the existence of a novel pathogen i
won't question the existence of a novel set of symptoms um okay i understand it's a national
security priority i get it okay and then they signed or then they said yes or then the guys left
and that's it that might be all they know
but there are people who know that i guarantee you at this stage there are people who have known
that from the very beginning because that's how we are governed we are governed via mythologies
and it is not just mythologies about people's marital affairs or mythologies about people's
financial affairs it is mythologies about foreign affairs it is mythologies about foreign relationships
it is about it is mythologies about economy and economics and how that works it is mythologies
about banking mythologies about stock markets and mythologies about biosecurity
priorities and these mythologies are most aptly
in plain sight in other words you can get closest to the brick wall by watching old pbs
news hour especially from the start of the pandemic welcome to the show
so sahomish county man was in washington mark has done an extraordinary
came to yack looking for answers my first stop it's horrible it's horrible it's horrible
it's horrible in nearby Everett it's horrible but i'm so pessimistic about this my first thought
when i saw that picture back there was to reach out my left looking for answers
i'm sorry that's not nice and i do not make fun of anything that i'm mad about in nearby
Everett and he's pbs news okay this is the hospital that treated the first known case of
covid 19 in the country how does a one-hour man put on a mask i met dr george dias an expert
in infectious diseases who treated patient one a 35 year old local man so apparently he's got
to wear a mask because he's been out of the country in the last 30 days and he hasn't so he
doesn't need to wear a mask i assume that's what we're seeing here because otherwise that doctor
should also have a mask on it's interesting already to start who'd flown into seattle on january 15th
he was having cough he had been having fevers at home he hadn't been eating well
his he generally felt poorly and he had been complaining of diary at home he is the sahomish
county man we're not going to give him a name there's no photograph there's nothing
this guy's telling us in april 21st what happened he's 35 years old and otherwise healthy totally
healthy person he began developing symptoms the day after he arrived he went to this walk-in clinic
and this is not real footage of him going to the walk-in clinic even though
scribed his symptoms and told them where he had been for about six weeks
Wuhan china
that was a crucial detail for weeks Wuhan had been the center of a growing storm
signed this in china trying to determine if a new virus news trickled out about cases of a strange
new pneumonia strange it's very strange so very strange oh yeah i could do that how do i do that
so very strange a very strange pneumonia
in seattle a city known for cutting edge medicine and technology as well as ties to
asia officials told me they had been on alert it clearly had the global cities folks and they
in turn were starting to line up the other department starting with human services about how we're
going to respond when and if it arrived on our shores at the clinic where the man returning from
Wuhan was seeking treatment they took no chances that point the clinic appropriately isolated him
the health district contacted cdc who advised testing uh unfortunately that clinic had the
appropriate gear to be able to safely test the patient he was in advice to go home and quarantine
the clinic sent a nasal swab they taken from the man to the centers for disease control and
perfect lucky they had the equipment necessary to take a nasal swab right
the hell did that mean he said that why did they why did he say that that point the clinic
appropriately isolated him the health district contacted cdc who advised testing uh unfortunately
that clinic had the appropriate gear to be able to safely test the patient he was in advice to go
home and quarantine the appropriate gear being like a one foot long q-tip i don't i i'm still
confused like because ditra did all the sequencing ditra did all the sampling
for the beginning of the pandemic i don't know how long into 2020 or 21 but for a long time
all of the sampling was centralized at the cdc and ditra actually controlled the sequencing we
know that from mark's excellent work team the clinic sent a nasal swab they taken from the man
to the centers for disease control and prevention they also had to have uh those tubes so you know
lucky they had that shit netlanta and then within 25 hours we had a call from the cdc saying that
the test was positive uh and that they wanted us to admit him for observation the first covid 19
patient had been confirmed in the united states around 10 p.m on january 20th patient one was brought
to the province there's a lot of crosses they're showing providence crosses a lot interesting uh
choice for the black cross here um at least it's not inverted it's regional medical center
this is a photograph of his arrival so they sent him home and then the cdc said hey wait it was
positive so you better go get him back into the hospital and then they brought him in on this
look at all those those places to put your hands in in case you want to touch him or something
in case in what's called an isopod isopod an isopod which is not to be confused with those things
they sell at reptiles shows to feed your animals patient quarantined patient number one arrived
here in this he did when we were going through the transportation plan with there's not a guy in
there is there a guy trying to keep it paid oh there that looks blurred out i see oh he was
wearing black scrubs he must have been a giga home biological fan that's interesting
there he is he's he's black he's definitely a chinese guy you can see clearly patient quarantined
patient number one arrived here in this he did when we were going through the transportation plan
with uh the the ambulance company they wanted to keep their staff safe completely contained
doesn't allow any possibility of infection so our patient was placed in this by EMS and
brought to our hospital and unloaded in his room so it took us about two hours from the time that
cdc called for us to get all our staff personnel supplies and the facilities on place to be able to
give the EMS folks a green light to come in you did that in two hours two hours we were ready for it
one of the reasons they were so ready less than three weeks earlier dia's and his colleagues
this is a mask so that i can uh i can play a horn you know like a trumpet with this mask on that's
that's one of the nice things that we did to our kids um all all around the same time and actually
not yet these masks didn't come out until we went back to school right remember scared we scared
we scared him first in front of screens at home and then when we brought him back to school we
we had the the music companies make um really thick shitty masks with multi-layered holes in
them so that people could play horns in addition to those you know playing flute in a box kind of
nonsense as well um extraordinary times ladies and gentlemen we cannot forget how much we lost
our minds or we won't be able to to pull our heads out head conducted an elaborate simulation
pandemic training we were aware of what was going on in Wuhan at that point but it was it was part
of our routine structure already to prepare really had a go-to plan we had a game plan in place
already we had everyone involved including the local EMS so those people that bring the
patients from point A to point B public health hospitals and other partners we have the community
to drill and so we had a variety of scenarios went through by the time patient one was hospitalized
local public health officials were going into high gear the reason Washington state found that
first case as we were ready for it the ambulance service was ready they knew the right personal
protective equipment to where it was one of those uh absolute coordination between health care
local health state health and the CDC it went perfectly that's how we were able to find the
first case in the country it was a critical early warning sign that the highly contagious
coronavirus could be spreading in the US but in his first public comments president trump
dismissed any threat to the rest of the country have you been briefed by the no no why are they
saying highly contagious i have the feeling that they're saying that because of what has
already happened in New York City that's what i think and we're not really saying it right now
because they don't want to call too much attention to the number of people who have died in New York
City they don't want too much scrutiny right now and they want focus on the future of what's
going to happen in the future they don't want you to look back yet they don't want you to look
out the windows of the car they don't they want you to keep your eyes right through the front
of the windshield don't look back out the back window don't look at the rear view mirror about
what just happened keep your eyes focused forward where trump is and where these governors are making
big stories and and statements do not look back to see what happened in New York City that's one
of the main messages i hear here see the words about a pandemic at this point no we're not at all
and we're we have it totally under control it's one person coming in from china and we have it
under control it's china gonna be just fine fear law always says it like that safe travels
china in seattle doctors and scientists weren't so sure they didn't have a way to test for coronavirus
on their own oh and while the cdc had been able to test the sample from patient one but that's weird
because testing is just pcr that anyone in academia could do you could order the primers online you
could run the test and test it they had no way of doing it but lucky enough they had the equipment
to sample his nasal passages right lucky enough they had the equipment and they had done drills already
I mean why wouldn't you do drills for a pandemic at a hospital i'm sure all the hospitals in america
were doing pandemic drills in january 2020 it didn't yet have a test it could deploy on a massive scale
around the country the ways to really know the burden of disease in your community is to be able to
test so the testing piece was a huge piece of the puzzle that we didn't really fully
now keep in mind the illusion that they want to create here is that the lack of testing
allowed the virus to escape our control the lack of testing is part of the reason why
Brett Weinstein was so amplified about zero covid all the time because zero covid was a concept
zero covid was a mythology that got you to believe that there was a virus but we could get back to zero
that that whole idea of eliminating a virus was possible we've done it before with vaccines
why can't we do it now with lockdowns and masks and again you are now participating in a limited
spectrum of debate where all the biology is actually just immunomythology a national security
narrative being told to you so that you accept a certain set of circumstances as being reality
and that you pass that set of circumstances or rather you pass that understanding of your
circumstances to your children we weren't fully able to address by early february with the virus
spreading around the globe the world health organization was recommending test kits that
had been developed in germany but us officials made a fateful decision to go their own way
if you look at a moment when the united states may have lost
right its ability to control what's happening it begins with the decision early on in 2020
by the cdc not to utilize the test kits and the capabilities that were being shared by the
world health organization and other nations now that's very interesting of course because
one of the most striking examples of the attempt to control the narrative is the example of the
corman drossin report which was a paper that was published by a number of interesting names
including claire craig michael eden uh kevin mccernan um thomas binder
and um a seam uh not no no there is another uh person um um
pere peter borger from the netherlands there's a few others that have all played kind of a
pretty central role in in speaking out about the the narrative being wrong very early in the
pandemic and interestingly kevin mccernan of course has risen through the ranks of these
these medlers um as a as a humble cannabis geneticist um to the state to where uh after being on my
show twice after being on a live stream um with me and stephanie sineff and Jessica rose and
john bodewin on on st patrick's day in 2022 or 2023 i guess it's 2022 um no i think it was 2023
um he decided that he had to block i think it was 2022 he had to block me on twitter
and started making fun of me started saying i was an idiot started saying that i didn't know
what i was talking about and i have reason to believe that he may have been involved in
in contacting chd while i was working there and complaining about me um and that had some
consequences for my employment there um i don't know what else went on behind the scenes but i do
know that that people contacted people at chd to complain about what i was saying about
certain people and that's what ultimately led to me being let go and those certain people
have to be maryll nass robert malone robert f Kennedy jr um and and kevin mccernan
uh because and mary mary holland because those are the people that i was talking about on my
stream in december and at the end of december over the christmas break talking about how mary
holland and maryll nass claimed to have vetted robert malone at his farm for two days before they
decided to have chd publish his book and maryll nass insists that he was just some guy and didn't
know all this stuff about the wef and all that before she told him while they were visiting him
and i just i just think that was incredible and in fact in a personal conversation that i had with
maryll nass sitting in the same restaurant at the same table she told me this story and then insisted
that robert malone took the shot and my response was but that's just ridiculous then he's either
an idiot or a liar and she basically said that not i don't know the exact words but she said
not everybody's as smart as uj and she stood up and walked away that's that's what happens when you
when you confront people who are either part of something and insist that you accept it
or are completely caught up in something that they themselves cannot see
and either way that was really the last cordial conversation that i've ever had with maryll nass
she's been on my show we've we've we've met in person um and and i got to say i don't think that
she's a very nice person she also insulted mark in a way um via email that that quite frankly if i
had any doubt or or or wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt all benefit of the doubt
went away after that email um and it's not it's not my place to divulge what she said but um she did
say it to me in an email about mark um and it was just absolutely atrocious what she said and so
the the bottom line is is that i think we need to identify some of these people for who they
are and i'm afraid that some of these people are not going to be um who we all expected them to be
at the beginning of the pandemic i wish it was as easy as ralph barrack and and uh and peter daysack
i really do i wish it was as easy as saying that that tony fauci and ralph barrack and and
eco-health alliance are responsible for where we are and that if we just put these guys in jail
and a few of the dudes in in the d o d who are also responsible in jail or on trial or or take away
their jobs and pension um that will be right back on track and it's a much more complicated situation
than that because people are lying about people coordinatedly with other people who are lying about
people and they've been doing it for a long time the theater that we are trapped in has existed
before the pandemic and that's why it was so effective when they turned it on us and turned
the knob from four to eleven that's why it was so effective that's why when they turned the knob
to eleven also everybody was like wow isn't it weird before the trans before the pandemic i don't
remember them talking about the transgender issue so hard is now that's why you felt that because
the knob got turned to eleven but the whole amplifier and guitar and drums and everything
was already plugged in you already had the headphones on you were already carrying your
cell phone you already had subscribed to spotify you were already listening to the podcast
and so when they kicked off the pandemic and turned the knob to eleven everybody just wow
it's happening or yesterday you know you have your head in the box you got to pull your head out
or you're never going to escape that cacophony and this is how they started it
the cdc wouldn't talk to me on camera but told me they took the swiftest path and using another
nation's tests would have caused worse delays former cdc director tom freden said the decision
made sense there's never been a kind previously when there was a need to use a test from outside
because the cdc system has not failed in the past the cdc began shipping its own test kits
to public health labs around the country but in seattle and elsewhere it was quickly obvious
that something was wrong one of the three chemical probes was faulty generating inconclusive results
so a technology that was perfected and has been used for at least 10 years on the academic bench
to great success was somehow rolled out by the us cdc with a faulty amplicon
and at the same time the who apparently issued a set of primers that could do primer dimers and
all kinds of other things that warranted a paper to be written by uh kevin mccurnan
mike eden claire kreg thomas binder uh peter borger and um and uh it was all organized by you
know i really got to find that because it was all organized by one of those dudes and i know
which one it is if i could see the list corpsman drawers and report review downloads adenum
corpsman drawsterreview.com is probably no longer online ha so the corpsman drawston review
which was supposed to be a a thing here well let's go i'll just show you what i'm doing
the corpsman drawston report a review report by an international consortium of sciences and
the life sciences in silicon uh meadow analysis blah blah blah blah after submitting our review on
corpsman et al it's it's supposed to be here that's just uh that's just uh a website with a casino so
all these people who thought it was really important for him to be objecting to the pandemic coronavirus
test that was put out by drawston they thought that that was such an important objection that they
got rid of their their dot com kevin mccurnan you know the guy who like sold companies already
in the eighties while i was still trying to figure out how to win at cyber ball at the mall um that guy
couldn't afford the couldn't afford the twelve dollars a year for corpsman drawston review dot
com or peter mcculler couldn't afford it or any of these other people that were that not one of
them decided hey maybe that work was important enough we should leave it online so that people
can find it in perpetuity they actually let that go away really
i got to find out where this uh if i can find i go go back one maybe maybe that's how i do it um
hold on one second
seriously come on okay here's the authors because we can see it but that the actual report doesn't
seem to be visible here are the authors so peter borger bobby rahesh mahaltra is actually who
who thomas binder said organize this
and that guy is definitely a medler at some point he promoted my review and said it was great thank
dr cooley for this great thing and then at some point he just blocked me he was going around all
around the internet calling people gloese as being uh intelligence agents or operations
um super medler so this is the guy who supposedly organized this list of of people that include
people like thomas binder and mike eden clair kreg um i think mike eden clair kreg and thomas binder
are all very very very good hearted well meaning honest people who were probably roped into this
paper as part of why do i have to keep clear all over calmer oh my gosh do you know who that is
that's the person who oh my gosh that's the person who supplied the transfected cell cultures from
germany that buck halter claims to have or or kevin mccernan i don't know which one did it
claims to have sequenced in order to show that there seems to be integration of the double
stranded dna contamination into the genome of cancer cell lines that's the lady
unless i'm absolutely nuts that's her exact name
and so is she a good guy that was was roped in is she what exactly is happening here could
also be that at that time this is what they understood is the best thing to do so don't
don't misunderstand me that the likelihood that the mass majority of these people are not
knowing their unwitting participants is is very likely the question is who are the who are the
wedding participants who were the who were the real gloese here and i think i know who the real
gloese were one of them was the guy who calling everybody else gloese and one of them is the guy
who more or less did his first major adult work in the context of the whitehead institute the
human genome project and the department of energy
make sure that we get these people under our control that we have influence in that they have
our trust we have their trust i should say that's what they would do that's what this paper
represents the first shot across the bow i thought that um actually peter mccullow is on
this paper too i'm surprised not to see him in the list
i wonder if this is because peter mccullow is not on the original one
hmm i i gotta see again here if i'm searching for the right thing or what because i still
want to see the original does anyone have the original oh yeah here
the original
i don't see i can't do anything with this what is this
i can't really see it um okay here yeah that one
um no so he's not that's fine i didn't i'm not saying anything other than i thought he was so
he wasn't i think i've said it out loud before on my stream that peter mccullow was on this paper
so i apologize for getting that wrong i thought he was um okay so anyway we know
peter borger has been a pretty good um outspoken at dutch guy who was talking very early about a
lab leak and talking about molecular evidence for a lab leak um basically molecular evidence for a
for a cv in a clone clone which i'm totally down with um shut up
bobby rahesh mahaltra i've told you already it was on twitter and he was definitely a
medler of some kind i don't know what his story is where is he from
to is it say at the bottom to where the authors are from
references to is
oh no
sorry i'm a little bit being a little bit of a dork here uh i don't see where this is listed
i don't see how you figure out what that means um but they all have separate listings i guess
it doesn't really matter um yeah so you know michael eden is you know claire craggis she's part
of the heart group um you know kevin mccurnan is uh you know who thomas binder is um and i know
who all rica calmer is which i find very interesting um very very interesting
very interesting indeed okay thank you very much for that link in the chat you guys are awesome
there were his checks and balances within the test and when we validated can it detect the
virus and can it not over detect it that balance was not correct research and implementation
laboratories said you know this doesn't work you've given us a bogus kit and we're not going to use
it uh fix it fast remember laurie garret was also the uh person featured in that cnn documentary
called um ah shite what was it called we just covered it a couple weeks ago though it was a
cnn documentary and it was from 2018 and she was there in that documentary and one of the key
statements that she said into the camera which i laughed out loud and screamed about was the idea
that a worst case scenario listen carefully according to laurie garret a worst case scenario in one
of these situations is that the pandemic virus becomes endemic and of course the whole debate
about whether it would become endemic was also framed on the other side of the cage by people
like brent weinstein who said that zero covid was definitely a goal that we should go for
and that it would be possible if we could get everybody to take ivermectin and fluvoxamine
for 30 days and so the illusion of consensus about one a novel pathogen and about two
the potential danger for it of going endemic and being a permanent weight on society's shoulders and
three the the laudable and very realistic biological goal that a novel virus that was released at a
point but spreading very rapidly because of its unique molecular uh attributes could be stopped
with sufficient measures that included lockdowns masks and vaccines and in that giant cluster f
of nonsense there's not one useful question being asked not one useful argument occurring
because all all of the arguments assume that the novel virus is there and that the fear and
cleavage psychosis it to fly around the world faster than any other virus in history just like
charles rixie said from 2020 onward just like like all these people who knew that it was a
lab leak already in february 2020 knew that the fear and cleavage site was definitely an
indicator maybe also those pesky hiv homologies but you know that paper was retracted so obviously
that was nothing and we're spinning our wheels deeper into the mud going nowhere but feeling
like we're really driving because the muds flying up on the window and the engines getting warm and
it's making a lot of noise and vibrating and half of the car half of the people in the jeep are
pretending to enjoy it pretending that this is how it's supposed to go that this is what it feels like
when you're driving four by four when really no we're sinking into the mud dudes this is wrong
we you know or give us the right to muse our own kits
at the university of washington i met virologist alex greninger who'd been trying to do just that
you've got to have the supply of testing absolutely do we need to be able to detect where the virus
is and then try and snuff it out i mean right prevent it's transmission there you go that's the
whole thing you got to question it you got to believe it question why we don't have tests question
why people haven't made it a priority get mad about it oh my gosh where the window is closing says
Brett it's just a it's just a shit show because Donald trump doesn't believe or he's a racist
that's what they did to us ladies and gentlemen that's what they did
and yes they got a few people to go on pbs news hour and say their lines this guy's fine
with saying his lines he has been watching the tv he has been watching his social media and he
believes that that illusion of consensus is not an illusion it is undeniable evidence of an ongoing
worst case scenario that's what they so adeptly let us all to believe
with an illusion of consensus that span from the most propagandist pbs news hour in in america to the
most uh wide open news in australia that was saying it was a lab leak that america was covering up
before anybody else did scooby doo ladies and gentlemen scooby doo that's the name of the game
in the coming months but he ran into a bureaucratic brick wall the food and drug administration had
instituted emergency procedures to make sure any new tests were accurate you can make your own
test but you have to send it to the fda and get it reviewed and then authorized and i'll admit i'm
my first couple of years here in this particular job i had not been through this process before
the fda application was 28 pages long and required him to run tests that would take at least two weeks
and that wasn't all one of the things is they needed a document fedex across the country
before they would could look at the document you couldn't electronically transfer i could
electronically transmit it but they couldn't look at it until it's fedex and then they changed that
regulation and so from a couple days after february 4th all the way to february 26th
they didn't have a test they were completely blind too this had to be incredibly frustrating
it was frustrating it was what's really weird is that they didn't have a test
but it didn't start killing people either that's one of the things that jessica and i
and her friend um whose name escapes me um when we were talking to the staff of senator ron johnson
last week um one of the things that really got me up out of my chair figuratively was
that at some point the staffers said that uh yeah but we didn't have any testing then
and so it was probably spreading in the background um before march of 2020 and we just didn't know it
well how the hell would that happen if a virus that could cause what happened in new york city
as documented by jessica rose or sorry jessica hockett as ignored by jessica rose
documented by jessica hockett some kind of weird bomb went off over four weeks
if there was a virus underlying that
then why didn't the virus do that anywhere else before that time if it started in a mud puddle
then the diversity of the virus as we go backwards in time should have decreased the
phylogenetic tree gets narrower and narrower which means it's far less likely for the virus
to be particularly deadly in new york city where it hadn't been deadly in chicago a month before
but some reason or another somebody like maryll nast thinks she needs to write a
sub stack about about people taking pop shots and we shouldn't argue among the dissidents
and and just dismisses the observations that jessica is trying to get answers for
just dismisses the idea that an rna cannot pandemic but an infectious clone could be used to make it
look like it was an rna cannot pandemic but a background signal could be adequately characterized
and then misconstrued as a spreading novel pathogen if a national security operation required it
and instead she goes on to insist that there was a disease that she experienced it three times
that she's treated it and now suddenly her son and daughter-in-law were involved in it in new york
city how come those heroes were never lauded by their mom already four years ago why didn't she
do a blog post about it why did is this the first time that that she's revealed that she had real
firsthand data about the tragedy that happened in new york city because her son was there as a
cardiologist but instead writes a sub stack where she just kind of says that they were
health care providers and they treated other doctors kind of sorta and then ignores the fact
that there is no data to show that the hospitals were flooded just insists that they were
and her main evidence for covid being real is that she's had it three times although she didn't bother
to test she's just a doctor and can tell the difference between a strange disease and one that
she's had before or isn't strange apparently this woman who is recorded in a transcript in a
congressional hearing about the anthrax vaccine following up comments made by Robert Malone
yeah okay the woman who's been an advisor to chd since they were formed more or less and an
advisor on a scientific level to robert f Kennedy jr for years but they haven't been able to win
a case they haven't been able to succinctly say that intramuscular injection of any combination
of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb they just keep saying health
freedom and now she's seen necessary after all the the the gratitude that she has for chd she's
decided to start a new nonprofit so that donors can give her money to fight the who
because that's so patriotic and that's so you know uh so such an organization that there are so
many so many levers you know of power that we can pull with regard to the who we better focus on them
instead of trying to elect people that would change the prep act or elect or support uh legal
cases that would attack the prep act on a seventh amendment basis or at least draw attention to the
fact that that's the real way out for america and once america is out the whole thing might fall
apart like a big house of cards instead we want to fight the house of cards and treat the house
of cards as the real castle that needs storming you know the who
it is four and a half years later ladies and gentlemen and none of these people have helped us
that's the real bottom line none of these people have helped us i'm not i haven't been able to do
much either but what i've accomplished is actually in spite of all the interference
all the meddling and all the lying that people have done behind the scenes to confuse me to
distract me to get me to be worried about my reputation or my ego instead of worried about
teaching this biology as with a high fidelity and integrity as possible
and it's taken me four years to figure that out it's taken me four years to pull my head out of
that box and now it's i i really feel like my duty my i owe all of my supporters and i owe
all of my followers and i owe um my grandchildren um that i devote the rest of my life to fighting
this illusion that they started a long long long time ago and then turned up to 11 in 2020 and this
is this is with the amplifier set at 11 right now and your headphones at full blast
the prioritizing is the top the FDA told me it did review grenadiers application but it was incomplete
they also said they were balancing the need for tests with concerns about accuracy
major developments of global health emergency as the coronavirus reaches its 20th country in
seattle and around the world the clock was ticking coronavirus is now considered a global
health emergency and the u.s is warning people not to travel to China the WHO had declared a global
emergency and the cdc was beginning to screen passengers at u.s. airports including seattle
we are coordinating with the chinese government and working closely together i mean the university
of pittsburgh school of medicine told most people to stay home and only only essential people doing
essential experiments or essential essential work should come in and yet they still found the need
in that context where people actually work at a hospital or people have advanced degrees
in biomedical sciences they still felt they had the need to test people's forehead for their
temperature with a red light and put a sticker on their frickin badge every morning part of the
reason why i got asked not to come in anymore is because i told people that was stupid and i'm
riding a bike and i'm not going to come in the front door every day and use the shitty elevator
and walk through all those patients with my frickin bicycle i'm going through the garage
and the cargo elevator like i always do and i'll come downstairs and get my sticker after that
and sometimes they didn't come down and get my sticker and so then they were pissed
at least that was part of the reason they gave for the ignoring of the basic covid measures is
not tolerable oh great amazing times ladies and gentlemen amazing times 2020 was amazing
amazing times because they also activated a lot of people in 2020 a lot of people were
activated in 2020 people who knew too much in 2020 like the fear and cleavage site meant
labley should not have been first published by a guy whose dad works at Los Alamos or first
published by a guy who wrote a book called the genetic and environmental causes of autism with
children's health defense it should not be that person and and and those people rather had no
business knowing or thinking that a fear and cleavage site was an indication of something
like a lab leak none of their expertise belies that i had no idea what a fear and cleavage site was
nevermind a poly basic fear and cleavage site on a fusion protein in 2020 and i had been a
biologist my whole life in an academic biologist in the setting of a medical school for nearly 20
years because every university that i worked at was in the context of a medical school before that
more or less and at every university that i was at at some point i taught medical students
neurobiology so it's really interesting it's really interesting that uh in 2020 to think about
how many people were activated then and activated in a way that gave them a jumpstart and a special
place in the in the hierarchy of knowing or the hierarchy of dissidents
of course that's the reason why Robert Malone was elevated to the point and authority that he was
early on by Brett Weinstein because he claimed to have developed the technology that they were
now calling vaccines but somehow didn't have the the the semantic accuracy to call transfection
in June of 2021 when he finally decided to go public or rather they decided that it was time for him to
go public he didn't have the wherewithal to explain it and in fact he had the wherewithal instead to
lie about taking it and what did he say he said that he took it because he was going to travel
and because he heard rumors that it might help with his long covid which he had developed after
the super spreader event in boston where he also caught the covid for the first time
and so of course we know that on a tommy podcast um we find out how either forgetful
Robert Malone is um or um how much of a liar he is because according to his travel buddy
Dave uh sorry uh Stephen Hatfield when they went to Rome together they were asked by Italian
authorities if they had their vaccine card and he and Robert Malone both laughed and did not have
a vaccine card so it seems unfortunate that if he was um taking the vaccine to travel that he
didn't bring a card with him to show that he had the vaccine and that that they had to joke about it
or that that they make fun of it um it doesn't sound like Hatfield said and you can go watch
that video for yourself it's Hatfield did not say that Robert Malone forgot his card and that
caused a great deal of stress when the Italian authorities asked him for it but rather he just
joked that wouldn't either of us had a card and so of course that doesn't jive with Robert Malone's
story and the only reason why stories don't jive is because it's very hard to keep lies straight
it is that's why that's why the truth of of Mark Twain's statement that you know I never tell a
lie because then I don't have to remember anything is exactly where we are these people are in the
mud themselves now we have gotten out of the Jeep and we are watching them in the Jeep grinding
the wheels and smoking the engine insisting that they are making progress and there are lots of
people that are still in the Jeep yelling at us saying yeah we're doing just fine don't divide us
few dividers there wasn't there were we are mud this is just fine it's going to be fine we're
going to get out of it in a minute don't divide us don't argue and they're still stuck in the
novel virus that killed millions of people that millions more were saved from that the main problem
was that we rushed transfection it got it got contaminated and that's the lie and they're all
sticking to it and they have stuck to it since the very beginning remember it's a multifaceted cage
a multifaceted cognitive prison in the front his PBS NewsHour arguing about whether Trump
or Fauci are right and whether ventilators or shutdown or whatever and did we shut the borders
right or our masks required or should we shut down schools that stuff and another part of the
walls behind you where people are complaining already that it's a lab leak people like James
Wyler are writing blogs about the fear and cleavage site that they have no business knowing about
that Dan Saratkin whose dad works at Los Alamos is writing articles about gain of function viruses
and de attenuating vaccines that he has no business knowing anything about that Yuri Dagan somebody
who works on on longevity and stuff in Canada as a Russian also knows suddenly that the fear and
cleavage site is definitely indication of a lab leak and that all of these people spontaneously
assembled into a group called drastic on the internet that started to discover all kinds of
shit and then Tucker Carlson covered covered drastic a year later and said that Jamie Metzel
a known futurist and transhumanist who's spoken for the WEF are the people that started drastic
when it was me and Dan Saratkin and actually can only be one real person or fake person which
is Billy Bo Stickson the guy who started the Twitter group that became drastic all part of
an elaborate international globalist scheme to entrap us in a mythology about a gain of function
virus for which we were all vulnerable on the coronavirus outbreak in China relentless
president Trump was still not raising alarms though he banned foreign travelers from China
my administration will take all necessary steps to safeguard our citizens from this threat
but by that time flights from the outbreak zone had been landing at us airports for weeks flights
have been landing for weeks but nobody's dying isn't that so weird
the travel band may have bought us some time but in all actuality you know people were leaving
Wuhan going to Beijing traveling to western Europe and ultimately to the United States
in late 2019 and early 2020 anyway Chinese health officials said today another 46 people have
died from the coronavirus in those critical first weeks after the arrival of the virus in the US
administration officials and the president himself continued to insist that the risk was
small i want to emphasize that this is a serious health situation in china but i want to emphasize
that the risk to the american public currently is low how concerned are you well we pretty much
shut it down coming in from China we've offered China help but we can't have
thousands of people coming in who may have this problem the coronavirus so we're going to see
what happens but we did shut it down yes that attitude didn't sit well with washington's senior
democratic senator patty murray she spoke to me from her home i felt like at the time i lived in
two different worlds i lived here in washington state where people were going oh my gosh
we have a problem and in washington d where they'd say oh you guys worry too much out the west coast
a tale of two washington's yeah we should have pulled out all the stops and checked everything
but it was more like oh you guys quit worrying out there there was a lot there it is again
black cross isolation at providence hospital patient one was deteriorating he began developing
more shortness of breath is it wrong for me to say i don't find that an inspiring symbol if you're
going to take the christian cross and make it black and light it from the back i don't
it doesn't feel like the optimum i don't know i don't like that at all it's weird
and because of that we got an x-ray which looked like he had a developing pneumonia
his oxygen levels and his blood were also decreasing that worry dr dia that was an oxygen levels and
decreasing that worry dr dia's oxygen levels were decreasing reports out of wuhan
it appeared based on their data that once patients began developing pneumonia that many of them
end up in the icu one event later and die patient one was slipping fast and there was no known
treatment dr dia's told me he heard about an antiviral drug called remdesivir they are telling
a story actually that this guy wow that he was slipping away and that remdesivir actually
saved him which i don't remember this i just know that they used it on him i didn't know
that we were also told by pbs news hour that he was slipping away wow some experts thought
could potentially help it would be an experiment he said but the patient was willing
with that point i contacted the fda and gilly had the manufacturer to see if they would approve
it so the fda gave us an approval to try it on a compassionate use basis knowing that it had not
been approved yet and that there were no trials available to base that decision on we infused
but the domain server had already identified it as a as a main candidate so they did have
some good evidence because robert malone had created a a computer generated
x-ray crystallography model of the three cl protease and then interfaced all known
pharmaceuticals and nutraceuticals on the fda list with that x-ray crystallography model and
identified remdesivir flubox are silicoxib fomotidine and ivermectin
as things that could potentially help question and make sure you correct me if i'm wrong on any
of those four mark the next day he was still having very high fevers and still was requiring
oxygen the day that we gave it to him by the next day his fevers resolved and they stayed gone
he felt much better he felt like he had started beating the virus
no one knew if the drug had an impact or if the virus was taking its natural course here's the
thing you you have one data point here one person right in the world yeah in the world it is an
anecdote and so we were happy that the patient got better and and was ultimately continued
better able to go home so that part was fantastic for the patient
we knew that we needed to study this in a formal clinical trial
although patient one was well enough to be sent home
for public health officials in washington state there were many more questions to answer
they needed to find out who patient one might have come in contact with after returning from china
tracking trace warning warning tracking trace warning warning
and send samples from them to the cdc as well so we find contacts i'm not used to them
at least ten minutes of time talking face-to-face with we identified 60 plus contacts we swab
them multiple times to see was their transmission of this virus and we found absolutely no transfer
amongst those contacts at this first case and washington's governor j
with the all of the contacts that the person had who was the first patient
and did everything epidemiologically that you could ask a public health system to do
but soon more signs of trouble began to appear across lake washington in the city of kirkland
at the life care skilled nursing and rehab center scott sada check had brought his 86-year-old father
there to recover from a bad fall he had his head hard enough that he had some brain trauma
and bleeding on the brain and he broke his right ankle and the bed that opened up was at life care
and so on february 20th we moved my dad to life care and then we started seeing some of the staff
wearing respiratory gear wearing face masks wearing gloves it's kind of like what's going on
inside life care residents had been getting sick with an unknown respiratory infection
the sickest were brought to the nearby evergreen health medical center
dr frances redo is the medical director of infection control here
remember this was flu season and we'd already had a peak of influenza b in december and now we
were going through the peak of influenza a and so the unit was full of individuals with severe
respiratory infections interesting statement background we're watching this these events
interesting statement there wasn't a lot of effort to differentiate where he was going through
influenza a and then influenza wow i want to play that one again just so you hear it right this was
flu season and we'd already had a peak of influenza b in december and now we were going
through the peak of influenza a and so the unit was full of individuals with severe
respiratory infections and in the meantime in the background we're watching this these events
unfold the flu disappeared that's incredible this is a really wonderful little piece with
increasing alarm uh not only in Wuhan and now spreading across the globe and wondering when
our turn was coming until that point federal guidelines for testing potential cases were very
narrow patients had to have been in a hot spot like china or in contact with someone infected
see so even the illusion of you know we don't have so many tests so we have to be very careful
about who we use them on created this illusion in these people's heads that well we might be
missing stuff then and then people were talking about missing stuff and talking about asymptomatic
spread exactly as James Giordano explained in 2017 would be anybody wanting to destroy a country
by undermining its trust in its government would do it this way they would see the few cases
of people complaining or maybe even tell a story about a case and then rely on the internet to
spread the idea and then people would panic doctors would panic of course if there was a
coordinated messaging going on around the world between governments and coordinated control of
people like epigirl on social media or Brett Weinstein you could easily have doctors no matter
where they looked healthcare workers no matter where they look parents no matter where they
look teachers no matter where they looked and members of this bureaucracy no matter where they
looked they would see convincing evidence of a consensus that there definitely is a global crisis
unfolding and that New York City was the first page in a very terrible story to come
then the rules changed Dr. Rita wasted no time we settled on two individuals and we tested
them the following morning I had a regular day saw patients in clinic saw patients in the hospital
was sitting there as I usually do trying to complete my notes and received a call at 7 40 p.m.
and both of the tests were positive what goes through your mind my initial honest response was
skepticism I thought the odds of both tests and two randomly selected individuals being positive
with no history of travel no history of exposure to anybody was fairly astronomical unless it was
a pre-existing background that your dumb ass never imagined
and I'm saying it with the utmost respect dumb ass because I was also a dumb ass I didn't get
there until May of 2020 it's still about 40 days out from saying it out loud in my head
it took me a long time because people were talking to me behind the scenes about how important it was
to oppose the no virus people and people like Andy Kaufman how important it was to oppose
people who thought it was 5g
this was a huge shift incident command was activated and we made a quick decision to test
nine additional people that night eight of those nine were positive
why I want to make sure everybody in the chat understands that in order to see through Robert
Malone you have to be pretty sophisticated it is very possible that there are lots of people who
can't see through Robert Malone like we can but you that have been here for a long time and have
been following me for more than a year or two years or some even following me for many years
whether you like it or not the truth is is that together we've learned a lot of biology
clarified a lot of biological ideas to make it very easy for us to regularly put our heads back
in the box and then pull it out and have no ill effects but the people who don't pull their
head out have never pulled their head out of that box before it's hard to see
Robert Malone for who he is because he is a masterful orator because his wife and his
relationship that's schtick is well developed and because he is his schtick is coordinated
with other people many of the people that he says are in opposition to him are actually not
George Webb is not real opposition
George Webb is as real as as as I don't know who else to tie in with him because I'm just
absolutely convinced that everybody that's been associated with him has been bamboozled by him
absorbed by him and he has taken what they do in their legitimate efforts to find the truth
and obfuscated it in his own work under the the hidden uh you know I'm promoting you kind of
thing oh yeah you're real smart but then he gets everything that you said wrong or he doesn't even
really say the name of your website or that's how he works and that's how a lot of these people work
and so my best estimation is is that a lot of these people are essentially connected through
Robert Malone and one of the best ways or lists to start with is the lists that Robert Malone
himself is made lists on his own subject that say these are the people that are the medlers that
are messing with me that are trying to divide the resistance and are calling me a controlled up
and then who does he list there well I am on that list but I don't have any links
Mary Holland has links Katherine Watts or Katherine Austin Fitz has links
George Webb has multiple links including links to his 60 minutes episode
Sasha Latipova has links
all the people that are listed there basically have links to something that they're doing
except for me
and that's because he would rather have you work on George Webb or or decide whether Sasha Latipova
is good or bad because as long as you're worried about those people you're worried about people on
his team and running in wheels that he essentially directly or indirectly coordinates maybe even
funds because he has a wonderful wonderfully financially successful sub stack
I assure you that I'd be on almost every day for eight hours a day straight if I had 55,000 people
giving me five dollars a month and I would be celebrating the the fantastic opportunity I would
have to like fund other people like Mark Koolack or Jessica Hockett or or or start a new
news website where we where we promoted other people on this independent bright web
I mean that's what I would do with any extra money I had
I would create a day camp for kids and biology or or a summer camp for high schoolers or a
summer camp for college kids in the middle of Pennsylvania
with archery and fire building and camping and immuno and immuno 101
what are these people doing with their extra money with their foundations what are they creating
what are they giving to the next generation not a whole hell of a lot it doesn't seem
Robert Malone is building more buildings on his on his plot of land at the foot of the Shenandoah
National Forest. Meryl Nash has decided after 10 years of of taking support from CHD has decided
to start her own non-profit because I guess the money is so good or something
to oppose the who not the vaccine schedule in America not to bring awareness to vaccine
injured kids not to do anything but oppose the who
because you know the main frontline warrior against the who should be an old lady who lives in Maine
Wow right kind of stunning actually isn't it it was and within the first five days we had 32
positives many were from life care but crucially some had no connection to the nursing home
we then knew that this was a much bigger outbreak than you could have imagined
at least 41 life care residents and two visitors would eventually die with more than a hundred
others linked to the home testing positive including Scott's son the check's father Chuck
he has never shown symptoms so how worried are you that symptoms might appear
extraordinarily because we don't know this is new it's uncharted waters the southern check story
hit home for me my 84 year old father is in assisted living in Florida hello there you tilt down a
little bit i'm sorry what tilt down tilt down a little more down there you go that's good how
you feeling well i'm fine how are you no coronavirus so far there's the there's the coronavirus map in
the background that uh is hilarious apparently John Cullen invented the code that underlies that
claim the fame are but he's pretty much an isolation no visitors allowed
it's the same in life care but the southern checks have found a way around that my sister's here and
we'll go up and we'll say hi through the window we've got a big white board today so we can actually
write notes for them because they're dumb that is absolutely vomitous and it was part of the illusion
that they had to separate old people from their lifelong mates their love they had to die alone
and it started with this bullshit right here make no mistake about it double pain windows to
seal the noise can you hear us you idiots
okay well not your finish yeah keep getting better keep listening to the nursing staff
they're looking out for he has to get the love from the family to get better without it he will
become not just physically but mentally yeah it's the worst thing you can do to an older person right
yeah the worst thing you can do so we'll do it anyway so we'll do it and laugh about it
somebody slapped this guy upside the head at this time we might have not had been where we are now
Scott himself also got the virus unlike his dad he got sick
I was hospitalized through the emergency room with the full-blown list of symptoms extraordinary
difficulty breathing lightheaded dizziness you name the symptom I had it what was it like being
in isolation sick with this disease were you scared hell yes I was scared it's an unknown
I was hooked up to an IV and they started an albuterol nebulizer which they had to give two full
rounds of it which was something that they made fun of trump by saying that they were inhaling bleach
but after those two full rounds I was breathing normally and after six hours they had all my
symptoms under control within 12 hours they moved me to a full isolation unit and 10 hours later
they released me with zero symptoms so no remdesivir interesting I guess he just got albuterol
or whatever it's called but the number of coronavirus cases at home and abroad continue to climb the
financial markets rocked and more aggressive steps to fight by this time in early march
covid 19 cases were multiplying here and around the country here we go here comes new york governor
insley had put washington under a state of emergency state has declared a state of the first governor
to do so but like many here he was increasingly concerned that president trump was continuing
to downplay the threat it's gonna all work out everybody has to be calm it's all going to work
insley a democrat and former presidential candidate tweeted that the administration should stick to
science and tell the truth it would ignite an escalating war of words during a visit to the
cdc trump fired back because that governor is a snake okay uh insley let me just tell you we
have a lot of problems with the governor and the governor of washington that's we have many of
your problems i said no matter how nice you are he's no good that's the way i feel uh at that point
did you get the sense that you as governor and the state of washington were sort of on their
own and the the federal cavalry was not coming uh yes but but we did never depend on that leadership
coming out of the white house so it's not something that we were surprised by uh we always knew that
we would have to lead the charge given the the president's reluctance to uh to really exercise
leadership on this and we sort of knew that he had an intent that uh of downplaying what was
an emerging problem that uh you know could only be explained by someone who had their eye on the
on the doubt jones rather than eye on the epidemiological curves seattle's mayor jenny dirken
shared those sentiments we are not going to be distracted by any rhetoric that the president or
anyone else uses we've got to act we got to act to protect the people and i think those actions
are what matters facts and science got to rely on them that's the only thing that's going to get
us through this uh and fortunately we've got a really vibrant health and science community here
in the state of washington in seattle and we listen to them she and other political leaders here
had some hard decisions to make after hearing grim predictions we had researchers here telling
us that within six weeks we would have over 70,000 positive cases and hundreds of deaths
if we didn't act and so we heard a choice to make the choice was know that you're going to have
enormous pain in shutting down parts of your economy and this is actually right right this is
generated by the illusion that was created in new york make no mistake about it this idea of
projecting 80,000 people that that projection only works if they believe what's occurring in
new york city at this time make no mistake about it that's the reason why they want you to ignore
jessica hocket why they want you to ignore the very simple observations that she's made and her
friend is made that these these things are not natural these curves are not natural these numbers
are not natural and they need to be substantiated because these very unnatural numbers were used
to create the illusion of impending doom the worst case scenario being a novel virus going
endemic or have those same impacts later and overrun your health system as we move forward
it will be increasingly necessary and important that we are unified in our efforts seattle was
starting on a trajectory that the rest of the country would soon follow there is no magic
silver bullet at the moment medically but there is a very successful uh effort that we can take
to slow the spread of this disease and that's to reduce the social interactions that are
not necessary in our lives you the county executive and the governor uh were early out of the box on
taking these actions pretty proactive uh did you feel at the time um a little nervous about all
that i think it was all of us felt a great deal of sense of obligation and concern because we were
the first to go mayor dirken actually had a pandemic response plan on the shelf which she and her
cabinet had updated in early february we pulled out the pandemic planning and knew that one of the
first things we had to do to separate people from another's have them telecommute those that could
so our largest employers acted immediately that included seattle icon microsoft
with a workforce of more than 50 000 one of the largest private sector employers in the region
so we had a call on sunday afternoon march first we had the business leaders from the
microsoft president brad smith spoke to me from his home so we went from monday telling people
they should work from home if they were more comfortable tuesday telling people you know feel
free to work from home it might be better to wednesday work from home unless it's essential
you come to work the decision you made was a big one did you hesitate no it was interesting
once we decided at microsoft that we would be decisive and base our decisions on public health
advice then we knew what to do it's the hardest decision i've ever had to make
because all of our instincts are to grow the whole economy for your city to make a stronger
community for everyone and what we're saying is we got to stop that kind of community and we have
to stop doing work almost overnight the vibrant city shut down businesses closed
storefronts boarded up did you have my chair did it have chain mail on it because this is a real
chain mail hood right here if i put this on i can go into battle yeah that's what that's for
the famous hight place market nearly deserted
at a local soccer field usually filled with kids and families preparations for a surge of
covid patients yeah we got to build those tips we knew already then one of the biggest challenges
would be having the hospital system overwhelmed by way we knew already we were trying to figure
out how we could get testing or trying to figure out how we could get testing we're trying to figure
out it's not silly though because what they want you to do is to subtly see that the divide about
the understanding and the acceptance of the science and the acceptance of the inevitability
the divide actually occurs right there it's right there on the on the the red blue line in
america it's pretty impressive and they're going over the house all the time now i think i'm
being watched whether we would receive material help in the form of field hospitals or or
large facilities encampments for people who were unhoused and there wasn't a lot of concrete offers
of help coming from the federal government so we were left with the reality that we're going
to have to take on a lot of this ourselves more than 140 people lost their lives yesterday
bringing the desk toll to over 590 in this country nice red nice red america there boy that's pretty
shitty can't get much worse than that can it huh lost their lives yesterday bringing the desk toll
to over 590 in this country that he's not doing everything he can do as coronavirus was sweeping
the country throughout march and i can't tell you how frustrating it is so was the frustration
among governors scrambling for resources they needed to respond we're bidding against one another
it's really not a great bidding against one another for tests and response stuff like this was all
manufactured all manufactured shortage all manufactured drama
unbelievable unbelievable the states are are taking action to try to find these things on our own
the president was now feuding with multiple governors 400 ventilators i need 30 000 ventilators
and like he'd done with the virus in the beginning i don't believe you need 40 000 or 30 000 ventilators
he disputed there was a scarcity of crucial medical equipment like masks and ventilators
many of the states are stocked up that's impressive some of them don't admit it but they
have 30 000 ventilators things that would have been a ventilator for everybody they killed in those
five weeks the feuding doctors and nurses have struggled to get the personal protective equipment
ppe they need good morning and welcome everyone in seattle that's been the top issue for dr
ame Compton phillips the chief clinical officer of the providence hospital network last year across
all of providence we used 250 000 masks in the first three months of this at Everett they've used
250 000 masks we cannot have our own caregivers going down from covid while they're trying to take
care of the community because you know the supply chain is just not keeping up with our needs
and ame i have to say if i can't assure them that they're safe then i don't think the rest of this
is worth anything inside providence's emergency department tensions around ppe have been high
dr ryan k is the department's medical director it's exhausting to constantly think about the
sequence that you put things on and take things off and where you're sanitizing during that sequence
see that's all that's all part of the i don't know if you can yeah you can still hear me i wasn't monitoring
that that's all part of the the illusion right that's they they are told that they have to pay
attention to all these details and they have to pay attention to all these protocols and and
question whether they're doing things right and so they focus their attention right their attention
is focused on something that doesn't doesn't help them solve the problems in front of them
every nurse except the problem in front of me has said i've been working for years and i've
never been so exhausted and it leaves people just on edge all the time
we have enough at 95 masks that people should not have to be able
and should not have to bring in their own masks at this point in time
is this is a recommendation still one and 95 for five patients are we using these all shift now
we're using them with a face shield for as long as you need to use them you just store them in
a paper bag until they become moist or soiled okay so forever well not forever
reusing masks and storing them in paper bags wasn't the only diy work around i saw
i caught up with dr. Compton Phillips at the otherwise vacant providence headquarters
inside a large meeting room she and a handful of her team were spread out a safe distance
cranking out face shields our caregivers would know you know who else was making
protective goggles on i think kevin mccarron had his uh his wife making face masks and actually
encouraged people in march of 2020 to make face masks because at least it's doing something
um bret Weinstein was saying that he was wearing goggles and a bandana when he went out because you
know bush meat and a surgical mask underneath this and then this goes in front and basically
protects against droplets they had rated a half dozen craft stores to scrounge up supplies
we're at 288 now we're going to get to a thousand by tomorrow wow good for them resources going
into war against covid i feel like rosy the riveter 499 500
and what does this exercise do it creates an illusion of consensus inside of their own head
that's agreed with by all the people in the room that we're doing what needs to be done we're doing
it right we're trying our best we're helping out it's also what happens when people protest
together they think well obviously i'm not wrong then look at all these people around me who agree
this enchantment is amazing and we have to pull our kids out of it on the one hand this is really
it's kind of heartwarming but it's also really sad desperation yeah i can't i can't decide which
way to go in this what are your thoughts i would rather offer our caregivers something than nothing
and at the moment you know if the choice is not having ppe or having homemade people
we're gonna offer them homemade ppe that's what motivated jeff cause his small family business
builds and sows furniture for aviation and retail customers he decided to pitch in and start making
masks it's not a shortage of the raw materials at least that would be well not yet there will be
yeah there will be yeah so i think we have enough to make two million masks but how long would that
take you to do well depends on how fast we want to go how fast do you want to solve the problem
my assumption is that we'll be ramping up for several weeks and then drop off a cliff nobody will
meet me in the health care business anymore and then survival becomes a question for my company
so that's probably the next so he's really doing it all for the for the good cause he's
gonna throw it all at it and when when it's over it's over right wow what a that's amazing again
this is an unwitting participant i'm not saying he's a winning participant he sees that it's only
going to be for a little while because that makes sense to his common sensical mind this pet couldn't
possibly last until 2024 where there would be college kids still wearing masks that would be
impossible that would be crazy scary thing which is less scary than what our health care
friends are going to right now that's a bigger issue for me holy shit we knew in january what we
would need we knew we would need gloves and masks and respirators and ventilators two and a half
months later we're dependent on sewing circles to supply our front line heroes with what they need
it may be a nice american story i find it pathetic i do too watch let's go back to the desk for a
second here um let me just show you okay this mask which is branded
which is branded conselmer right that's the company that makes instruments and shit
and and music books and music stands it's got little rubber thingies it's double layered
it's got this little mouth hole in it it's got a little separate you know tag for the person that
made it here united sound so how long did it go on it wasn't just homemade masks for a few weeks
it wasn't just some guy starting a company because he knew the world needed it and
knew it wouldn't be for very long but what are you going to do we got to save the world right
that guy certainly didn't sound like it was an opportunity that was going to be there for
2024 where he could be selling masks with that say uh hail pit on him but those masks exist now
you can still buy them now it's it's really wonderful it's really wonderful what they did
to us and when you see it in in clear clarity um it is it is really frightening actually um
actually frightening uschington state officials like others in the country say this was an avoidable
crisis because we've lacked the federal leadership we needed it's been mayor versus mayor city versus
city state versus state trying to get access to the limited resources to protect our communities
whether it's ventilators or masks for our health care workers all of that has become this hunger
games process where everyone's trying to figure out a way to outfit each other washington state had
a line on masks that were coming to the country you can look in the spars pandemic document to
find similar tales of shortage and response to it and all of the nefarious things that would happen
when such a shortage was created you know what's really crazy is that at the University of
Pittsburgh there was this guy who was like one of the head engineers at the at the hospital or at
the university medical center and he decided to steal like fifteen thousand dollars worth of
masks and sell them on ebay and got caught I mean that's the kind of shit that was going on in
america that's the kind of people they the kind of human behavior they were motivating with this
kind of rhetoric entry in at the port in california suddenly multiple states were bidding on them
that shouldn't be the way that it happens we're searching the world for every potential
warehouse that of any of this personal protective equipment that has been a constant struggle and
we are bidding against each other and i'm sure that the suppliers are having a field day
bidding the price up while states are bidding against one another would be much more efficient
economically and otherwise if the federal government was playing a more vigorous role
in that regard the tensions between states and the federal government have been escalating
another five million americans filed for unemployment benefits last week and that would
not just over the response to the outbreak down ten percent in relatively short order and there's
a lot of bad news but now over what it will take to get the country up and running again
meltdown on a national war jobs lost in a matter of two weeks and in the entire 18 months
our team of experts now agrees that we can begin the next front in our war
which we're calling opening up america again the president has been pushing governors to reopen
soon even as soon as may first country has to get opened and so of course the magic trick here is
they know they've already created this psychological trap where half of the country can't listen to
this guy without going and so would no matter what he said here no matter how realistic or how
obvious it was no matter how common sensical it was because they had him saying it half the
country was just going to go and they've pulled similar tricks with similar people like uh
tucker Carlson has that effect on some people like uh Glenn Beck has that effect on some people
Alex Jones has that effect Tim Poole has that effect Sam Cedar has that effect Brett Weinstein
has that effect it's either you love him or and that makes them the perfect tool for creating this
multifaceted fifth generation controlled demolition of all that freedom represents and sovereignty
is defined as in the west that's why somebody like me who's got a multiracial background who's a
Christian recovering catholic somebody who who was in academia long enough to know what's broken
with it somebody who has been right from the very beginning basically not even knowing why at first
is still lounging around uh langling around or whatever the right word is languishing is the
word i was looking for languishing around on twitch with less than 4 000 followers after four years
and anybody that's been following me for more than a little while knows that our message is
good enough for it to be farther than that by now our message has been succinct enough to have gone
farther than that by now our message has been heard by enough of the people that are in this
narrative to know that it should have been gone gone a lot farther by now but it hasn't it's been
lost in the cacophony of repeatedly amplifying robert malone for three or four podcasts a day
at one point he was doing up to nine podcasts a day
nobody's asking for jonathan cooey to come on their show everybody wants sashila tepova everybody
wants robert malone everybody wants piare cori everybody wants these people who've already done
the circuit have already sold their book and haven't evolved or moved on in their message at
all other than health freedom and stuff only peter mcculler has really progressed in his message to
the point where he's able to succinctly say that i think the vaccine schedule is frickin criminal
and you if i was a parent i wouldn't use it i wouldn't engage in it
think about that for a second because that's real
and it will get open and it'll get open safely and hopefully quickly but some of them have been
pushing back we cannot be guided by emotion we need to be guided by where the facts on the ground
science and public health take us what's best for the people of illinois their safety and health
and listening to the scientists and the doctors because if you do it wrong it can backfire and many
like insley say it will come down to one thing mass testing this is the number one challenge for
the united states right now is we need a huge ramp up of our testing capacity even greater than
was needed early in the outbreak to increase testing insley says trump needs to order us industry to
help using the defense production act which the president has only just begun to do
we need the president to help ignite a national mobilization of the manufacturing base
of the united states that is absolutely imperative so that we can restart our economy
but president trump has also thrown this back on the states the governor is responsible they
have to take charge they have to do a great job there are limits to what a state can do though
as i saw at washington's health department laboratory they can only complete about 300
tests a day and that requires a mad scramble the raw materials for test kits are hard to come by
we have a lot of testing lab capability but we don't have the equipment to swab everybody's nose
i think the current status in washington state wow it's weird because i'm working on
helping someone with a case on the west coast with a testing facility that opened up in april
and they had four machines called quant studio 12 which is a what essentially could be a core
facility machine at a university that can do all kinds of sort of preconceived program
preconceived experiments on full genome sequencing disease land disease marker screens all this
kind of stuff and do you know 486 well experiments and this company on the west coast was able to
source materials that worked in this machine from a company called bgi in in china and get that
protocol approved in april of 2020 and presumably with these four machines they were able to sequence
hundreds and hundreds of people per day to test hundreds and hundreds of people per day
using a protocol provided by a chinese company one of the largest foreign collaborators in the
human genome project bgi beijing genetics something something i don't know maybe whatever it is you
can look it up why is a chinese company providing the testing materials for a testing facility on
the west coast that was testing a major metropolitan areas municipal employees including their police
weekly why was that company able to source four gigantic machines and the
materials to use them as a coronavirus testing methodology get that approved by the fda and
presumably be able to test all the employees of this city every week where these people in
in seattle that were supposed in a all prepared so they they could test the first
lucky enough they had already run a drill but these people only had the facility to test 300
people a day that's amazing actually is limited by the supplies to actually run the test
they also don't have enough ppe for the health care worker 40 000 tests in new york city but they
could only do 300 a day there jess come on now i mean don't get excited if there's too much
in congruency it can't possibly be a crime it's administering the tests if we don't have enough
gowns gloves masks to treat patients how are we going to prioritize a gown a glove and a mask to
swap somebody because that is the requirement the state health department is actually got to have
a gown on to do that shit so you need you know that's a problem we can't test everybody if we
don't have the ppe to test them i mean that is such an amazing story
and alone and struggling to meet the demand we can't have that level across contamination
after getting approval for his test from the fda
alex screninger has dramatically ramped up testing at the university of washington school of medicine
virology so they're doing covid testing in there from patient samples and they're trusting the
hoods alone to protect them because they're not wearing masks even though there's potentially
more virus in this room than there is anywhere else in america for in-patients health care workers
to test these people you have to wear all the ppe but you know if we're working on the samples
in masks well we don't need to do anything we can just breathe all we want and nothing's coming
out of me holy shit is this incredible can you believe this usually with populations but mostly
in-patients people who need supportive care we got to get that fast turnaround time that reduces
the use of protective yes on this day they completed about three thousand tests
to get three thousand four thousand five thousand specimens a day you know it takes
it takes a lot of five thousand specimens a day are going through that room but he can stand
there without ppe on and without a mask and it's all fine because you know negative flowhoods are
really good and they prevent all possible transmission and we couldn't contaminate it any samples
because remember how a negative flowhood works if they're doing it that way holy shit if they're
doing it that way then the person sits in front of the hood and the hood is like this and it's got
this window drawn down and they're reaching in here to work on stuff and so if this is a negative
flowhood then it would be flowing out right and if it's a positive flowhood it's gonna flow in
and I might have those wrong but the one that you work on when you're working on a virus is
you work on the flow in because you don't want any of the virus that you're working on to get out
and if you're using a flow in hood without a mask on what are you doing in the world of
coronaviruses and respiratory diseases that are aerosolized holy shit
and if you're working on a negative flowhood where it's going out like this
because what you don't want to contaminate these samples with unclean air then that means you're
opening and testing all these samples while you breathe everything that blows out of the hood so
either way this doesn't make any sense and in fact when I used to work at an operating room and load
IVs as a pharmacy technician using a negative flowhood and it was flowing in we had to wear
a mask and there was no coronavirus back in the 90s we just wore a mask because this stuff was
going to be sent into the operating room and we were working in the operating room and you wear
masks in the operating room so you don't cough on shit and breathe on shit and when you talk you
don't spit on shit and you use a negative flowhood so you can't do it either so it's one or the other
right you see the problem here and neither of those these possibilities is being respected in this
video it's like a joke to me either these things are full of samples and they're blowing out into
the room and so you're relying on everybody to keep it very freaking clean in there and open those
things with very very high precision or the deadliest virus in recent human memory is going to get out
or it's a flowing in and then what are all these people doing to these these samples aren't they
contaminating them and of course they're going to be molecular biologists on here who are going
to say oh yeah but you know that or this or that you got that wrong no i'm just pointing out the
incongruency here i'm pointing out the incongruency of the people walking around in this room none of
them having masks on yet sir it's supposedly doing tests in here and supposedly it's asymptomatically
spreading do they test themselves every day before they get in here with the potential of
contaminating a sample or a hundred are they even thinking about that possibility seeing as they
don't really understand how this RNA works and how it could be so infectious you think they would
err on the side of caution they were making glam for inpatients health care workers
it's usually a population but mostly inpatients people who need supportive care we got to get
that fast turnaround time that reduces the use i'm sure i have the negative and positive mixed up i
don't care i'm not a i'm not a technician with regard to with regard to material safety in a
laboratory i just took the course and and passed the web exam but when you're using a hood like this
and and that hood is there there are two strategies and whatever strategy they're using it doesn't
make sense with regard to how these people are dressed and how they're behaving if indeed we
believe the first half hour which said that this is a deadly pandemic that's going around the earth
that we have to do everything to stop and now we're getting three thousand samples a day into this
room but all these people don't treat it like they are in the heart of the beast they treat it
like they're just any other molecular biology experiment virology lab for inpatients health
care workers is usually a population but mostly inpatients people who need supportive care we
got to get that fast turnaround time that reduces the use of protective yes on this day they completed
about three thousand tests to get three thousand four thousand five thousand specimens a day
you know it takes it takes a lot of focus just like in the state lab greneter says it is difficult
to get the raw materials he needs one of the hardest things to find the single what do i miss
will use plastic tips that contain the chemicals and the specimens
some automated pipetteers use four tips a test and others use three and some can use 400 and some
you know or 10 or 20 i mean they can have many wells and so where are these things coming from
who's producing them who's checking their their quality you see you see um and so just getting
the tips into your facility so we can run that many tests this is what we're looking for basically
we tweeted at rosh and the world to get these things in yeah like you would tweet like deltid
lost your bag or something like that right i mean we have two people whose entire job right now is
to manage our FedEx shipments basically we blow up our hallway and it goes down to a single so the
problem they're solving is a shortage that was a illusion of consensus that a shortage existed
a illusion of consensus that they needed more like 30,000 ventilators was a shortage that they were
a shortfall number and so they're asking the wrong questions and they're fighting the wrong
battles and they're solving the wrong problems because all of the questions they ask all the
problems that they solve and all the arguments that they have all accept the novel virus that has
the potential to be a worst-case scenario a file and then it takes over the next six to eight hours
we're able to actually move those boxes into our local warehouses we've bought other space here
in the building it's a supply chain has been really the number one thing we do despite the
problems they're still managing to return results the same day in many cases this is crucial to keep
up with a fascinating virus and help health care workers on the front lines reduce their
i'm going to leave the last uh some minutes for you guys to find and i might watch the rest of
it i think we've made a lot of points here already i'll watch it um and figure it out uh i need to
skedaddle um because oh i forgot to cut um that's how we do that uh i need to skedaddle
because um i'm gonna help my wife live stream her class now um and uh if necessary i think i
will be on later to cover the last little bit of this if something incredible is in the back you
know like if rubber balloon shows up in the last uh 20 minutes of this then i'll let you know um i
think we see already what we thought we would see i think we've made a really good point about it
um i do really think that this pandemic was created um by seeding a gain of function
narrative before the pandemic seeding the potential before the pandemic and then during the pandemic
cashing in on that already accepted potential and accepted um existence in these in these groups
in these peoples in these in these selected hospitals and locations and then that story was
misconstrued for national security reasons to make sure that everybody
conformed um with the mythology and so teamwork's case scenario was very important in convincing us
that there was a dangerous novel virus a strange new um thing but there i don't believe that there
actually was um and if there was it was likely deployed was it a a toxin in some places and a
clone in other places i don't know because it's a crime and i'm just calling the cops i know for
sure that they're trying to invert the sovereignty of our children so that they can use them as
test animals ladies and gentlemen this has been giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist thank you very much for joining me um and you can
see me again tomorrow at 10 10 i'll try to be early thanks uh guys um i love you very much
thank you
See you!